{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f5\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red0\green0\blue0;\red194\green201\blue214;
\red5\green68\blue254;\red137\green189\blue130;\red80\green165\blue164;\red24\green25\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red9\green47\blue157;\red252\green39\blue18;\red26\green26\blue26;\red194\green201\blue214;\red5\green68\blue254;
\red137\green189\blue130;\red80\green165\blue164;\red83\green83\blue83;\red241\green0\blue71;\red101\green101\blue101;
\red199\green0\blue61;\red252\green39\blue18;\red101\green101\blue101;\red241\green0\blue71;\red199\green0\blue61;
\red4\green23\blue46;\red4\green23\blue46;\red0\green0\blue0;\red52\green52\blue52;\red8\green35\blue114;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c13536;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c80392\c82745\c87059;
\cssrgb\c0\c38136\c99824;\cssrgb\c60000\c78039\c58039;\cssrgb\c37255\c70196\c70196;\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c2353\c27059\c67843;\cssrgb\c100000\c25271\c7591;\csgray\c13536;\cssrgb\c80392\c82745\c87059;\cssrgb\c0\c38136\c99824;
\cssrgb\c60000\c78039\c58039;\cssrgb\c37255\c70196\c70196;\cssrgb\c40000\c40000\c40000;\cssrgb\c96863\c2745\c34902;\cssrgb\c47059\c47059\c47059;
\cssrgb\c83137\c2353\c30196;\cssrgb\c100000\c25271\c7591;\cssrgb\c47059\c47059\c47059;\cssrgb\c96863\c2745\c34902;\cssrgb\c83137\c2353\c30196;
\cssrgb\c784\c12157\c23529\c87059;\cssrgb\c784\c12157\c23529;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c26667\c26667\c26667;\cssrgb\c1961\c20392\c52157;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14680\viewh15820\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4       \cf5 \strokec6 name\strokec7 :\cf2 \strokec4  \strokec7 \'93Paris\'94\strokec4 ,\
     \cf5  \strokec6 image\strokec7 :\cf2 \strokec4  \strokec7 "\strokec6 /images/paris.jpg\strokec7 "\strokec4 ,\
     \cf5  description\strokec7 :\cf2 \strokec4 \
        \strokec7 "\strokec6 Paris offers something for everyone. It boasts rich culture and art, both in museums and galleries as well as on streets and in theatres. Get captivated by rich palaces and romantic gardens. Explore the wide avenues and narrow cobbled streets where a new gem waits for travellers around every corner. While sightseeing, don\'92t forget to enjoy life or, as the French would say: Joie de vivre. Paris is not only an open-air museum, it also houses numerous museums and beautiful monuments worth visiting. You have to discover the the Eiffel Tower, that was built in 1889 for the Exposition Universelle, the Eiffel Tower (Tour Eiffel) has become the main symbol of Paris. It is also the most-visted attraction in the world. \cf8 \cb9 \strokec8 The centre of Paris contains the most visited monuments in the city, including the Notre Dame Cathedral (now closed for restoration) and the Louvre as well as the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sainte-Chapelle"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 Sainte-Chapelle}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Les_Invalides"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 Les Invalides}}, where the tomb of Napoleon is located, and the Eiffel Tower are located on the Left Bank south-west of the centre. The\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panth%C3%A9on"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 Panth\'e9on}}\'a0and the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catacombs_of_Paris"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 Catacombs of Paris}}\'a0are also located on the Left Bank of the Seine. The banks of the Seine from the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pont_de_Sully"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 Pont de Sully}}\'a0to the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pont_d%27I%C3%A9na"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 Pont d'I\'e9na}}\'a0have been listed as a\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UNESCO"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 UNESCO}}\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Heritage_Site"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 World Heritage Site}}\'a0since 1991. 
\f1\fs28 Other landmarks are laid out east to west along the historical axis of Paris, which runs from the Louvre through the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tuileries_Garden"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 Tuileries Garden}}, the Luxor Column in the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Place_de_la_Concorde"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 Place de la Concorde}}, and the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arc_de_Triomphe"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 Arc de Triomphe}}, to the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grande_Arche"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 Grande Arche}}\'a0of La D\'e9fense.\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:The_Eiffel_Tower_in_Autumn.jpg"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13160 \cf10 \strokec10 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sl346\partightenfactor0

\fs24\fsmilli12370 \cf10 \cb1 \strokec10 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf8 \cb9 \strokec8 Several other much-visited landmarks are located in the suburbs of the city; the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basilica_of_St_Denis"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 Basilica of St Denis}}, in\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seine-Saint-Denis"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 Seine-Saint-Denis}}, is the birthplace of the Gothic style of architecture and the royal necropolis of French kings and queens.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paris#cite_note-218"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \super \strokec10 [217]}}\'a0The Paris region hosts three other UNESCO Heritage sites: the Palace of Versailles in the west,{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paris#cite_note-219"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \super \strokec10 [218]}}\'a0the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palace_of_Fontainebleau"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 Palace of Fontainebleau}}\'a0in the south,{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paris#cite_note-220"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \super \strokec10 [219]}}\'a0and the medieval fairs site of\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Provins"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 Provins}}\'a0in the east.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paris#cite_note-221"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \super \strokec10 [220]}}\'a0In the Paris region,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disneyland_Paris"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 Disneyland Paris}}, in\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marne-la-Vall%C3%A9e"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 Marne-la-Vall\'e9e}}, 32 kilometres (20 miles) east of the centre of Paris, received 9.66 million visitors in 2017.\cf2 \cb3 \strokec7 \'93\strokec4 ,\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2      \cf5  \strokec6 tourGuide\strokec7 :\cf2 \strokec4  \cf11 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  \'93id of Imane\'93,\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
     \cf5  \strokec6 pointOfInterests\strokec7 :\cf2 \strokec4  [\strokec7 "\strokec6 Eiffel Tower, Louvre Museum, Notre Dame Cathedral, Arc de Triomphe\strokec7 "\strokec4 ],\
\
\
- - - - - - - - - - - \cf12 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf14 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 name:\cf12  \'93Porto\'94,\
     \cf14  image:\cf12  "/images/oporto.jpg",\
     \cf14  description:\cf12 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf12         "\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec17 Porto is the second-largest city in Portugal after\'a0\strokec18 Lisbon\strokec17 , with 1.7 million inhabitants.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Porto was chosen as\'a0\'93The City to Visit This Year\'94\'a0by Forbes in 2017 and is a\'a0definite must-see city in Europe, even if it is just for a weekend break.\
Located in the north of Portugal by the outlet of the Douro River, it has a unique atmosphere with\'a0elegant\'a0\strokec18 neighbourhoods\strokec17 \'a0and large villas sitting on\'a0narrow\'a0cobbled streets. This soulful city was classified as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1996.\
Porto is just the perfect size to explore\'a0by foot. You\'92ll enjoy wandering down its alleyways\'a0full of history and nostalgia. An evening walk along the Douro River, visiting the vibrant\'a0\strokec18 Mercado do Bolh\'e3o\strokec17 \'a0or\'a0sampling its\'a0renowned\'a0\strokec18 Port\'a0wine\strokec17 \'a0are just some of the many things you can do in this fascinating city.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa420\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 \strokec19 On a brief visit to Porto, there are some places that cannot be missed. In the words of many visitors, this city has something mystical that is difficult to describe and which varies according to the place, time of day and light.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b0 Whatever it is, it certainly has to do with its people, known to be generous and easy-going, as well as the River Douro and its heritage on both banks, with its bridges and monuments, the tiles, the flowering balconies and the shopping streets. The historic centre of Porto and the River Douro on the Gaia side, where the Port Wine lodges are located, are classified as World Heritage.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 You can\'92t miss the top attractions in Porto. The Porto Cathedral, \strokec17 built on the highest point of the city, Porto Cathedral (S\'e9 do Porto in Portuguese) is the most important religious edifice of Porto, Portugal. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.introducingporto.com/best-cellars-in-porto"}}{\fldrslt \strokec20 Cellars and vineyards}}\strokec20 , which is \strokec17 one of its most popular attractions is to visit some of its wineries and vineyards. Discover which are the most famous wineries. The Tram Museum in Porto (Museu do Carro El\'e9ctrico) features interesting photos, original uniforms, restored machinery and various historic trams. The Ribeira, located on the riverbank of the Douro, Ribeira is one of the most beautiful and liveliest districts in Porto\'92s historic centre. Discover the things to do. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.introducingporto.com/mercado-do-bolhao"}}{\fldrslt \strokec18 Mercado do Bolh\'e3o}}\strokec18 , \strokec17 Inaugurated in 1914, the Mercado do Bolh\'e3o (Bolh\'e3o Market) is located in the city center and holds the essence of the city. A must-see. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.introducingporto.com/sao-bento-railway-station"}}{\fldrslt \strokec20 S\'e3o Bento Railway Station}}\strokec18 . \strokec17 The S\'e3o Bento Railway Station was opened to the public in 1916 on the site of a former Benedictine monastery. It is one of the most beautiful stations. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.introducingporto.com/palacio-da-bolsa"}}{\fldrslt \strokec20 Pal\'e1cio da Bolsa}}\strokec18 ,\strokec17  which is one of the most beautiful buildings in Porto. It is worth doing one of its guided tours to visit this impressive edifice. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.introducingporto.com/livraria-lello-and-irmao"}}{\fldrslt \strokec20 Livraria Lello & Irm\'e3o}}\strokec18 , \strokec17 considered the most beautiful library in Europe and one of the most beautiful in the world, Livraria Lello & Irm\'e3o is a definite must-see.\cf12 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ",\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf12      \cf14  tourGuide:\cf21  \'93id of Joana\'93,\cf12 \
     \cf14  pointOfInterests:\cf12  ["\cf12 Ribeira\cf12 , {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.introducingporto.com/mercado-do-bolhao"}}{\fldrslt \cf12 Mercado do Bolh\'e3o}}\cf12 , {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.introducingporto.com/livraria-lello-and-irmao"}}{\fldrslt \cf12 Livraria Lello & Irm\'e3o}}\cf12 , {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.introducingporto.com/sao-bento-railway-station"}}{\fldrslt S\'e3o Bento Railway Station}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.introducingporto.com/best-cellars-in-porto"}}{\fldrslt \cf12 Cellars and vineyards}}\cf12 "],\
\
\
\
\
\
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -\
\cf14 name:\cf12  \'93Cadiz\'94,\
     \cf14  image:\cf12  "/images/cadiz.jpg",\
     \cf14  description:\cf12 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf25 \cb9 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec25 \'93Founded 3,000 years ago by the Phoenicians, C\'e1diz is the oldest city in Western Europe.\
\cf26 \strokec26 The different peoples who settled here left an important cultural imprint, whose influence still remains in the character of the city's people. This peninsula, right on the Andalusian Atlantic coast, has been able to preserve an\'a0important historical legacy\'a0- the result of its commercial importance - together with excellent\'a0beaches\'a0and an exquisite regional cuisine. The Costa de la Luz, divided between the provinces of Huelva and C\'e1diz, also offers a multitude of destinations combining culture and leisure. And, for nature lovers, there is nothing better than touring the\'a0Do\'f1ana National Park, declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf27 \strokec27 In Cadiz\'a0, the sea,\'a0
\f2\b its people
\f0\b0 , its bay, its history and its\'a0
\f3\i joie de vivre\'a0
\f0\i0 .\cb1 \
\cb9 The province of Cadiz is very diverse and contains numerous places which are well worth a visit, from the countryside around Jerez de la Frontera to the villages in Campo de Gibraltar, or you can take a tour of the\'a0
\f2\b white villages\'a0
\f0\b0 and stop to relax somewhere along\'a0
\f2\b the coast\'a0
\f0\b0 between Tarifa and Sanl\'facar de Barrameda.\cb1 \
\cb9 And all this without forgetting the capital of the region, which holds within its walls the culture and the traditions which set the city \'96and its people\'96 apart.\cb1 \
\cb9 Don\'92t think twice, Cadiz is the perfect destination for your holidays.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl518\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf27 \cb9 Landscape\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf27 \cb9 Its 260 kilometres of\'a0
\f2\b Atlantic coastline\'a0
\f0\b0 feature long beaches with fine sand, many of them undeveloped and not excessively exploited for tourism. The whole coast is part of the Costa de la Luz.\cb1 \
\cb9 You will find everything from first-rate urban beaches like La Victoria in the city of Cadiz or La Barrosa in Chiclana, through to virgin beaches such as the Levante in El Puerto; Los Ca\'f1os de Meca and Zahora in the Barbate area, Bolonia in Tarifa and El Palmar in Vejer.\cb1 \
\cb9 Places worth visiting inland include the vineyards of Jerez or the White Villages Route and the Bullfighting Route.
\f4\fs32 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf26 \cb9 \strokec26 \'94{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tripadvisor.com/AttractionProductReview-g187443-d12033209-White_Villages_and_Ronda_Day_Tour_from_Seville-Seville_Province_of_Seville_Andaluc.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f5\fs32 \cf27 \cb1 \strokec27 \uc0\u8232 }}
\f5 \cf27 \cb1 \strokec27 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 \cf14 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  tourGuide:\cf11  \'93id of Karla\'93,\cf12 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf12      \cf14  pointOfInterests:\cf12  [\'93Do\'f1ana Natural Park, Costa de la Luz - beaches, Santa Catalina Castle, White Villages],\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5 \cf27 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec27 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf12 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -\
\cf14 name:\cf12  \'93Berlin\'94,\
     \cf14  image:\cf12  "/images/berlin.jpg",\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf12      \cf14  description:\cf12  \cf28 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec28 \'93\cf27 \strokec27 Steeped in its evocative history and the rapid changes that have taken place over the past two decades,\'a0
\f2\b Berlin
\f0\b0 \'a0today exerts its own particular fascination. More than twenty years after the fall of the Berlin Wall and the reunification of Germany, the capital projects itself as a\'a0
\f2\b young, dynamic and cosmopolitan city
\f0\b0 \'a0at the heart of Europe which is constantly re-inventing itself. Variety is guaranteed, but you can also travel to the\'a0
\f2\b German capital
\f0\b0 \'a0for rest and relaxation. In Berlin a fast paced metropolis and relaxing rest areas in nature are not far apart. Whether in Tiergarten, Tempelhofer Freiheit, G\'f6rlitzer Park or Grunewald \'96 every district has its \'93green oasis\'94, which improves the quality of living and allows visitors to take a short break.\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf27 \'a0\
City of unlimited possibilities\
\'a0\
Originally a symbol of separation, since Reunification the former\'a0
\f2\b \'93Walled City\'93 of Berlin
\f0\b0 , lying as it does at the interface between Western and Eastern Europe, has developed into a popular travel destination and is highly indicative of the current trend, not only as tourists from Germany are concerned but also visitors from abroad. Guests are not only interested in the history and culture of the city, but also in the lifestyle of its inhabitants.\
\'a0\
But exactly what is it that actually makes Berlin so attractive? It is the diversity, the contrasts and the sheer inexhaustible potential of this capital city to consistently fire the enthusiasm of its visitors from all over the world. People are excited by the mixture of history and Zeitgeist, the broad spectrum of art, culture, music, entertainment and shopping facilities. The modern hotel landscape, the diversity of its cuisine and its outstanding cost-effectiveness by comparison to other destinations in Europe also go to make up the special charm that is the metropolis on the Spree. A flourishing creative scene together with Berlin\'92s hip music and club culture likewise contribute to the unmistakable lifestyle metropolis with a population of around 3.5 million\'94.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf27 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf12 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \'a8{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tripadvisor.com/AttractionProductReview-g187443-d12033209-White_Villages_and_Ronda_Day_Tour_from_Seville-Seville_Province_of_Seville_Andaluc.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f5\fs32 \cf27 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 }}
\f5 \cf27 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 \cf14 \cb3  tourGuide:\cf11  \'93id of Michael\'93,\cf12 \
     \cf14  pointOfInterests:\cf12  [\'93{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://goo.gl/maps/SWxzMFcix9QTLQXN6"}}{\fldrslt \cf27 \cb9 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc27 \outl0\strokewidth0 Berlin Wall}}\cf28 \cb9 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec28 \'a0\cf12 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ,\cf29 \cb9 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec29 Potsdamer Platz, Reichstag Building, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://goo.gl/maps/GniFGJixL5aFxKbB6"}}{\fldrslt \cf27 \strokec27 Berlin Cathedral}}\cf12 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 , {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.berliner-unterwelten.de/en/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf27 \cb9 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc27 \outl0\strokewidth0 Berliner Unterwelten}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://goo.gl/maps/pJvVaLRLvsHyYg5S6"}}{\fldrslt \cf27 \cb9 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Brandenburg Gate}}\cf28 \cb9 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec28 , {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.visitberlin.de/en/christmas-markets-berlin"}}{\fldrslt \cf27 \ul \ulc27 \strokec27 Christmas markets}}\cf27 \ul \ulc27 \strokec27 , {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://goo.gl/maps/R18gdTWvTqdSxHqn7"}}{\fldrslt \ulnone East Side Gallery}}\ulnone , {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://goo.gl/maps/Q6xCLbCtbsWsePZw7"}}{\fldrslt \ul Victory Column}}\cf28 \strokec28 \'a0\cf12 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ],\cf12 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf12 \
\
// Paris\
<a href='https://www.freepik.es/fotos/ciudad'>Freepik - www.freepik.es</a>\
}